README.md, before:

# PuchiQuery
A table for easy query of Puchiguru game data

Project site: [https://puchiquery.dynu.net](https://puchiquery.dynu.net). Report 
issue if anything goes wrong. If you see nothing, try browsing it with Firefox/
Chrome. For iOS, scrolling problem is unsolvable even you use Chrome or Firefox. 
The only workaround is portrait view. Save data for iOS also problematic (e.g.: 
filename). Please go complaint fucking Apple instead, changing browser is 
meaningless in iOS as all browsers are Webkit based.

Inspired by [ieb project](https://puchiguru.loveliv.es/), with filter/sorting 
for easy data query idea from [LLSIF Card Explorer](https://card.llsif.moe/).

Most codes are hardcoded and the quality is horrible without any planning. Just 
for easy query, so please don't have too much expectation on feature request, 
but feel free to open issue maybe I will like and implement it at all costs.

## Translation
If you think the translation is wrong or cannot find your language(s), you may 
submit pull request with filled `assets/locale/template.json` and rename it to 
your locale code then I will merge it. You may also direct edit the existing json
 if you think the existing translation is wrong, and I will look for it. All 
 translated works will be credited by your GitHub name.
 
## License
The project (code) is released under AGPLv3.0, while all image resources are 
copyrighted and not owned by me are excluded from the free license.

Commit message:

Game reach end of life

README.md, after:

# PuchiQuery (Retired)
A table for easy query of Puchiguru game data

**IMPORTANT: [The game server will be closed in the end of May in 2019!!!](https://lovelive-puchiguru.jp/campaign/5c89a6c6.html)**

It is sad, I personally like the game very much. I will keep the site updated 
until the end. The site will be archived after that day.


Project site: [https://puchiquery.dynu.net](https://puchiquery.dynu.net). Report 
issue if anything goes wrong. If you see nothing, try browsing it with Firefox/
Chrome. For iOS, scrolling problem is unsolvable even you use Chrome or Firefox. 
The only workaround is portrait view. Save data for iOS also problematic (e.g.: 
filename). Please go complaint fucking Apple instead, changing browser is 
meaningless in iOS as all browsers are Webkit based.

Inspired by [ieb project](https://puchiguru.loveliv.es/), with filter/sorting 
for easy data query idea from [LLSIF Card Explorer](https://card.llsif.moe/).

Most codes are hardcoded and the quality is horrible without any planning. Just 
for easy query, so please don't have too much expectation on feature request, 
but feel free to open issue maybe I will like and implement it at all costs.

## Translation
If you think the translation is wrong or cannot find your language(s), you may 
submit pull request with filled `assets/locale/template.json` and rename it to 
your locale code then I will merge it. You may also direct edit the existing json
 if you think the existing translation is wrong, and I will look for it. All 
 translated works will be credited by your GitHub name.
 
## License
The project (code) is released under AGPLv3.0, while all image resources are 
copyrighted and not owned by me are excluded from the free license.
